Refactor getting started guide to use the sample spring-petclinic (#1085)
redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: docs/userguide/modules/getting-started/partials/intro.adoc

== Introduction
The goal of this quick start guide is to:

* Provide an overview of the {servicebinding-title}.
* Provide a list of prerequisites to be configured on your Kubernetes cluster.
* Create a PostgreSQL database service.
* Deploy the Spring Petclinic application.
* Connect the application to the database service using {servicebinding-title}.

For this quick start, we are using a PostgreSQL database and a simple application using the
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-petclinic[Spring PetClinic Sample Application]
enriched by https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-bindings[Spring Cloud Bindings]
library. This will allow you to understand how you can use the {servicebinding-title} to
simplify the connection between a service, like database and the application.

In this configuration, we leverage the {servicebinding-title}, to
collect the binding data from the PostgreSQL database and project them
into the sample application.

> Before starting, we invite you to refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, refer to the
```

Author: thx

xref:#prerequisites[] section to make sure you have all the
needed components configured on your K8s cluster.

The quick start consists of three main steps:

> . Create a PostgreSQL database service.
> . Deploy the Spring Petclinic application.
> . Connect the application to the database service using {servicebinding-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Creating a PostgreSQL database service.
. Deploying the Spring Petclinic application.
. Connecting the application to the database service using {servicebinding-title}.
```
